[wind blowing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[♪ Ella Henderson singing "Alibi"]
♪ ...settin' fire to your paradise ♪
♪ You better run and hide. baby. I know ♪
-♪ where you were last night ♪
-[man chortling]
♪ So I'm lightin' up the sky ♪
♪ settin' fire to your paradise ♪
♪ You ain't got no...
[suspenseful music playing]
[male agent on comms] Target is locked.
Wind speed. 2.4.
Take the shot.
Whiptail. take the shot.
Whiptail. Whiptail. no.
what are you...
For God's sake. Whiptail. get...
Not... not again. [whimpering]
♪ You ain't got no. you ain't got no ♪
♪ you ain't got no alibi ♪
[blade slices]
[speaking Russian]
Your brother sends his regards.
Ah.
[grunting]
[screaming. shrieking]
[speaking Russian]
The ski instructor!
[shouting in Russian]
[exciting music playing]
♪♪
Aah!
[♪ Almklausi & Specktakel
playing "Mama Laudaaa"]
[singing in German]
[people cheering in distance]
♪♪
-Come on!
-[crowd chanting]
[yelling]
[exclaims]
-[music stops]
-[shouting stops]
Beginner's luck.
-[music resumes]
-[shouting resumes]
-Same again?
-Hi. Yeah.
Uh. eight.
Or nine.
♪♪
[bartender exhales]
The Germans call that Brüderschaft.
Brotherhood.
You speak German.
[speaking German] A little.
Uh...
I finish at 2:00.
♪♪
[moaning]
[mysterious music playing]
Holy shit.
What did you say you did for a living?
I'm an accountant.
So...
can I call you?
[scoffs quietly]
Absolutely not.
[exciting music playing]
Who the fuck are you?
[Judith] "Who the fuck am I?"
Great question.
The passport in my bag says
"Judith Burton. forensic accountant."
a job so confusing-sounding
and potentially boring.
no one ever asks any follow-up questions.
But I have ID badges
from the FBI. the CIA.
MI6. Special Ops.
If your country has
a military intelligence unit.
I have a badge that claims I work there.
[engine revving]
My name is Whiptail.
and I kill people for a living.
[engine revving]
[podcast host speaking indistinctly]
[horn honking]
[podcast host] This report said
about the blood spattering...
the angle that the knife went in...
-there was one thing that they.
-[host 2] Yeah.
-Hadn't considered.
-[host 2] Oh. my gosh. what?
[woman] He was left-handed.
[host] He was left-handed.
[tires screech]
[reporter] An Austrian ski resort
was shocked this morning by...
[jaunty song playing]
[radio stops]
[woman] Damn it.
[rousing music playing]
You'll never fit in there. luv.
[woman sighs]
[brakes squeal]
Come on. come on.
Come on...
Ooh...
Christ.
Shit.
[grunts softly]
[grunting]
Ooh.
[exhales]
Whoo.
[alarm chirps]
[intriguing music playing]
[engine revving]
-[beep]
-[line ringing]
[woman panting] Hello. you.
Hello. you.
I'm just. um...
Oh. you sound out of breath.
-Parking?
-Parking. Yeah.
How are you?
How's the accounting conference?
Uh. you know. boring. same old.
Uh. I'm gonna be home in a while.
so I'll be back for book club.
[mouthing]
U-Uh...
I'm here. Listen. I-I can't talk.
I am on a mission.
Good luck.
If you see any of those lamps
or those. um.
actually. those copper pans.
and. obviously. if there's
a lovely apothecary cabinet...
I-I've got your list. I-I won't forget.
Listen. I really need to get
-a good position. Love you.
-I love you!
[kisses] Bye.
[indistinct chatter]
[man on P.A.] Ladies and gents. welcome.
Please do not panic.
The antique warehouse
-[sighs]
-will open
-in a couple of minutes.
-[chuckles]
They just gave me two teas
at the van by accident.
Can't drink two teas. And it must be
horrible standing out in the cold.
so. thought maybe you'd like to have it.
Thanks. actually.
Oh. you're most welcome.
Mm.
If you were to guess. which of these doors
you think he'd open first?
D.
Thank you so much.
Have a wonderful day. now.
They've got a cracking
Regency apothecary cabinet.
and I tell you what...
I'm not leaving without it.
[customer] Hey. look. come on.
we've been here ages.
-[buzzer sounds]
-[alarm ringing]
[rapid. energetic music playing]
[security guard] Please. please.
do not panic. Calm down. Calm down.
Do not panic. [continues indistinctly]
♪♪
Fuck.
[quirky music playing]
Who the hell is that?
Isn't that that MP's wife?
[woman] "Who the hell is that?"
Great question. and yes.
I am that MP's wife.
David Claybourne. member of Parliament.
I hope we can rely on your vote.
I made law review at Yale.
fell in love. moved to England.
raised two grown-up children.
and am now single-handedly
making that man the next prime minister.
But I have a secret.
One that would tear my life apart.
My name is Debbie Claybourne.
It's book club tomorrow.
and I haven't read the book.
[♪ Gin Wigmore sings "Kill of the Night"]
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ And I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed. oh ♪
♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
[atmospheric music playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[gentle piano music playing]
There she is.
You can just give me
the name of the restaurant. Sam.
You don't always have to give me
the encrypted coordinates.
Please. Coordinates are protocol.
Why am I here?
Do I need a reason
to see my favorite operative?
So you're not cross?
Cross? Why would I be cross?
Great. You're not cross.
Of course I'm fucking cross.
That sniper rifle has a range
of a fucking kilometer.
but instead I've got
a hundred eyewitnesses
who saw a ski instructor
stab a wanted criminal
to death with what... a machete?
A steak knife.
A steak knife?
What. it's like you want to get caught.
You used to follow every plan. every
company rule. to the letter.
You were the fucking gold standard.
and now everything you touch
turns into chaos.
The job gets done. you get paid.
I get paid. the client's happy.
Yeah. it's not the client
you need to be worried about.
The director has been
reviewing your files.
What. 'cause of one job?
Oh. it's not just one job.
Beirut. Brussels.
Need I remind you
what happened in Dubai?
Need I remind you where I found you?
Yeah. and I appreciate
everything that you've done for me.
But. seriously. what is going on with you?
Is it because you're 50?
I'm not 50.
No. well. one of your aliases
just turned 50.
I can only imagine. an alias turning 50.
that would spin anyone out.
My mum turned 50 last year.
and she went absolutely insane.
Anyway. um.
we. um. got you a little gift.
What the fuck is this?
This is a Patek Philippe.
-Grand Complications...
-Yes.
Why are you giving me a watch?
Is that a retirement gift?
If-if you want it to be.
How many?
-How many what?
-Don't you dare be fucking coy.
Three of the waiters are armed.
The hostess has a revolver
strapped to her thigh
and the guy at the bar
definitely didn't get those knuckles
from his desk job.
Five.
Fine. seven.
Eight. genuinely.
And they're only a precaution.
Okay. obviously. I would like
for us to both walk away unscathed.
having calmly discussed
the prospect of you stepping back.
Absolutely not.
Right. Well. you're a W-O-A-C-A.
A-a what?
A WOACA... a Woman Of A Certain Age.
And for whatever reason.
if I had to guess. I would say it was
you turning 50.
You've started acting out. okay?
And that is dangerous. for all of us.
Is that my next assignment?
'Cause I'm not going anywhere.
Okay. A job came through requesting you.
The director said
that you couldn't be trusted.
I assured him you could do it perfectly.
but I have really put my neck
on the line here.
so if you're gonna do this.
there's no margin for error.
no rule breaking. Okay?
Okay.
[percussive music playing]
Billy Donovan? I do war criminals.
-I don't do crime syndicate jobs.
-Right. well. we just
-agreed you were gonna do this one...
-Crime... No.
Fine.
Client needs a watertight alibi.
so they want it done here.
at the gala for Water Relief. the charity
the syndicate
launders their money through.
Nothing suspicious. so it's poison.
-heart attack.
-Right.
We both know that's
a coward's game. poison.
Where's the showmanship?
Right. This is what I'm saying. okay?
From now on. there is no more showmanship.
Whiptail. I'm serious.
You need to do this job right
or they are gonna...
terminate... your contract.
Whiptail. this is your last chance.
Happy birthday.
Fuck you.
And fuck you. too. Danny!
-Aw. sorry. man. I needed the cash.
-Prick.
[exciting music playing]
-Just take that. please.
-Oh. Oh.
God bless you.
[people chatting. laughing]
More shit we don't need.
What is this?
A trivet.
Trivet. It's a piece of wood.
What the hell is this pig?
Ah. ah. That's for the transport bill.
How's this for the transport bill?
That's on a need-to-know basis.
And right now.
all you need to know
is that I made you dinner.
-Fish pie.
-Mm.
Macaroni.
What would I do without you?
Starve. Oh. uh...
-Wha... No.
-Yes.
You need to go over your speech
for the transport bill.
-Here are my notes.
-More notes? I've already learnt it.
Do you want to be prime minister?
Yes.
So learn your speech and we'll
go over it again tomorrow night.
Oh. um... bit last minute. Um.
tomorrow night. I was actually
gonna go meet a client
-at a charity do.
-What charity?
Uh. Water Relief.
We're not patrons of Water Relief.
No. I know.
It's a... it's a-a business thing.
I'm trying to close a deal.
and I'm not going
in a political capacity.
so you don't need to come.
Everywhere you go in public.
it's in a political capacity.
What time does it start?
8:00.
I'll book the car for 7:00.
make sure we're not late.
Fine.
-[♪ Salt-N-Pepa playing "Shoop"]
-♪ Hey. yeah ♪
♪ I wanna shoop. baby ♪
-♪ Shoop ♪
-♪ Shoop ba-doop. shoop ba-doop ♪
♪ Ooh. how you doing. baby? ♪
-♪ Shoop ♪
-♪ Shoop ba-doop ♪
♪ No. not you ♪
♪ You ♪
-♪ Shoop ♪
-♪ Shoop ba-doop ♪
♪ Damn. baby. that sounds sexy. uh ♪
-♪ Shoop ♪
-♪ Here I go. here I go. here I go again ♪
♪ Girls. what's my weakness? ♪
-♪ Men! ♪
-♪ Men ♪
♪ Okay. then don't know how you do
the voodoo that you do so ♪
♪ if you want to shoop. shoop. shoop ♪
♪ Shoop ba-doop. shoop ba-doop ♪
-Oh!
-♪ Shoop ba-doop-a-doop-a-doop ♪
♪ Shoop ba-doop. shoop ba-doop... ♪
I was out there ages.
waiting for the right bit.
-[laughing]
-Hi!
[chuckles] Ooh. good trivet.
-Mm.
-Oh. I love it.
It was this one
-we liked. wasn't it?
-Yes.
-Thank you.
What is that?
What is what?
What is that. Deb?
-You promised.
-I know.
The plot is just
so tedious. and it's obvious
the girl is gonna
turn out to be the killer.
So you have read it. then.
No. I guessed. It's so paint by numbers.
[sighs] These murder mysteries are all
just so stupid.
I mean. just go to the police.
Well. if it's stupid.
why did you suggest we read it?
No. no. no. no. no.
Please. please. please.
I promise I will read it next time.
-No.
-Please.
No. No. Mm-mm.
Okay. What if I got you this?
[whispers] The apothecary cabinet.
No. you didn't.
You're so sneaky.
[gasps]
Damn.
-So. can I...
-Oh. yes.
You're such an asshole.
[Debbie chuckles] Thank you.
♪ Make you get hot.
make you work up a sweat...
It's really beautiful. Thank you.
What's up?
What? Nothing.
Something's up.
No. it's nothing.
You're biting your nails again.
-No. No.
-You were half a second late
-on your "Shoop Babys."
-No. I wasn't.
[scoffs] You were.
[sighs] Just...
-[Debbie] Now. what's going on?
-[music stops]
Work.
But it'll. you know. I'll...
I'll... sort it out.
You want something to cheer you up?
-Always.
-[laughs]
Just that laugh.
There is a terrible haircut in...
-[gasps] Whose?
-Wait. wait. stop.
-Don't look at it.
-Whose is it?
-You'll see it. but just don't look at it.
-No. just...
-Shh.
-[laughs]
[Rachel] Do you know.
I must have reread that last chapter
three or four times.
I just. I found it so moving.
[Margaret] Oh. I totally agree.
I was almost in tears.
The time she crosses
that threshold and returns home.
but she's different now
and everything has changed.
And I find that such a powerful metaphor.
[Debbie] In a way. I found it
to be evocative of
how class struggle is addressed
in the work of Jane Austen.
-Ooh.
-Bravo.
That's such a good insight.
[Maryam] Brilliantly written.
[David shouting in distance] Darling.
where's my nasal spray?
In the drawer.
[David] No. it's not there.
I'm looking there.
Look again.
[David] It's not here!
Jesus Christ. Excuse me. ladies.
[gentle music playing]
[Lyn] Any plans for tomorrow?
Oh. I'm going to my spinning class.
-[overlapping chatter]
-Oh. I've heard about this.
-[Lyn] What's that?
-[Maryam] Tell us more.
-[overlapping chatter]
-Well. he sounds rather sw...
-[Lyn] Good night. take care.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Lyn] Good night.
-[door closes]
[Debbie] Thanks.
[Judith] Did you find the nasal spray?
[Debbie sighs]
It was in the drawer. Stop.
I didn't say anything.
You don't need
to say anything. You make it
perfectly clear what you think.
You'd make a terrible spy.
Look. this is just what
25 years of marriage looks like.
and you would know if...
I didn't mean that.
-Mm.
-I-I'm just saying. you know.
when you're in a longer-term relationship.
you tend to fall into rhythms.
It may seem mundane to you.
but it's filled with love.
And it's a partnership.
It's not.
Deb. come on.
it's all about David and his job.
His job is my job. It's not a job
one person can do on their own.
Well. it's not a job he could do.
You could do it. Brilliantly.
Look. [sighs]
We have a real shot
at David becoming prime minister
-in a few years.
-Yeah.
Just think of what he can achieve.
what I can achieve. when we get there.
Just because my dreams
are different from yours
doesn't mean they're unimportant.
Is that Little Women?
Did you just quote Little Women at me
and not think I would notice?
[laughs] I bet you haven't even
read that book. either.
I grew up in America. Of course I read it.
A long time ago.
-It was a long time ago.
-And I saw the film.
both of them. thank you.
Look. I'm. uh...
I'm gonna go to bed.
Tomorrow. I've got a...
What?
Oh. Is it something for David?
Some political event?
Actually. he's taking me out to dinner
tomorrow night. just the two of us.
Well.
That's me told.
And if you bring it up again.
I'm gonna chop off all your hair.
-[gasps] Oh!
-[laughs]
Have we not talked about that?
-So bad. I... No.
-What was she thinking?
-I don't know.
-And you were so obvious. staring at her.
You were just like this the whole time.
-I was not.
-Yes. you were.
-The whole time.
-Like some kind
of ginger muffin.
[laughs] I love you.
-Like a... like a stem...
-[laughing]
[ominous music playing]
-[♪ Doja Cat sings "Boss Bitch"]
-♪ I ain't trying-a. yeah ♪
-[alarm blaring]
-♪ ain't trying-a be cool like you ♪
♪ wobblin' around
in your high heel shoes ♪
♪ I'm clumsy.
made friends with the floor ♪
♪ Two for one. you know a bitch buy four ♪
♪ And two left feet.
you know I always drop...
Come on. come on. We got work to do.
♪ I'm the whole damn cake
and the cherry on top ♪
♪ Shook up the bottle.
made a good girl pop ♪
-[alarm beeping]
-♪ I'm a bitch. I'm a boss ♪
♪ I'm a bitch and a boss.
I'm-a shine like gloss ♪
♪ I'm a bitch. I'm a boss ♪
♪ I'm a bitch and a boss.
I'm-a shine like gloss...
Hi. honey. it's Mom.
I just saw on my weather app
that it's gonna be cold where you are.
and it's gonna snow in New York.
so wrap up. okay?
♪ You been the before ♪
♪ I been the stallion.
you been the seahorse ♪
♪ Don't need a report.
don't need a press run ♪
♪ All of my bad pics
been all my best ones ♪
♪ I wear the hat and I wear...
They paid way too much for that.
Oh. they paid way too much for that.
♪ Don't be mad 'cause you had the chance ♪
♪ Drop. said I took it
and I ran for it. I won it...
-Hi.
-[chairman] No. no. no. no. no. no.
I have no time for the transport bill.
I am not here about the transport bill.
I was just passing this antiques shop.
and look what I saw in the window.
♪ I'm-a shine like gloss...
Oh. boy.
Zambian terra-cotta.
I don't have one of these
in my collection.
Oh. really?
♪ I'm a boss. I'm a bitch.
I'm a bitch. I'm a boss...
While I'm here.
what were you saying
about the transport bill?
♪ I'm a bitch. I'm a boss ♪
♪ I'm a bitch and a boss.
I'm-a shine like gloss ♪
♪ I'm a bitch. I'm a boss ♪
♪ I'm a bitch and a boss.
I'm-a shine like gloss ♪♪
[door closes]
[humming a tune]
Can I help you?
Was you looking
to get those shoes repaired?
No.
I was looking for something
a little more specialist.
Oh. yeah? And who's asking?
Whiptail's asking.
Show some goddamn respect.
[intriguing music playing]
You're Whiptail?
Like. the Whiptail? Holy shit.
This is my girl Queenie.
-She's taking over from me.
-We're going through
a bit of a management
transition phase right now.
but. listen. I have got
bare ideas for expansion.
so just come with me. yeah?
-Bare ideas?
-[mouths]
Fuck's sake.
So. we'll still be
doing passports. of course.
We are cobblers.
that's our bread and butter.
but then we've got guns.
we got knives. we got
crossbows. I mean. ID badges.
And then wait. actually.
look at this. yeah?
You go like this.
Haven't quite worked out the mechanism
-for that one yet.
-Impressive.
I was actually looking for this.
Poison?
It was nonnegotiable.
Uh. yeah.
I can sort that.
What do you want. like. ten grams.
20 grams? Is he. like. a b...
Sorry.
No questions asked.
Ever again.
[Williams] I'll put it on your account.
Yeah. thank you. So. um...
are you retiring?
Soon. Not quite yet.
But I don't know if someone
offered me a Patek Philippe
I'd be brave enough to turn it down.
News travels fast.
Honor amongst thieves.
gossip amongst assassins.
[door creaking]
[mysterious music playing]
[line ringing]
She just left.
-What did she buy?
-220 milligrams of aconite.
10-4.
10-4? All right. Captain America.
That's just radio protocol.
Radio protocol?
Better say all my numbers correct.
-Who is it?
-Just Sam.
No. don't say my real name.
What do you want me to call you?
Have you got a special code name
like "Blades"
-or something?
-No. Just. oh. my God. shut up.
Bye. Blades.
-[phone vibrates]
-Uh. this is Water Relief's annual gala.
They've been in operation for six years.
Very fancy party
for running a nonprofit for six years.
Oh. Anyway. management
-changed hands late last year.
-[phone vibrates]
so these are the key figures
you should be looking at...
Honey. you should get that. Who is it?
No. no. no.
A lawyer?
Oh. it's a... it's a business thing.
But that's a family lawyer.
Why is a family lawyer calling you?
Um... Well. I. uh...
I. um...
think we should get a divorce.
[chuckles]
[somber music playing]
Is this a joke?
Yeah. this isn't-this isn't
how I wanted to tell you.
but. um. yeah.
I've been thinking about it for a while.
You know. uh. we've had a good innings.
but the kids are grown and we're
moving in different directions.
Different directions?
What does that mean. different directions?
It means...
You know. well. well. it mea...
[sighs] It means...
[sighs] I'm not good
at this sort of thing. I...
You're the one who writes the speeches.
You'll be very well taken care of.
-Are you serious?
-Look. I didn't mean
for it to happen like this.
It wasn't supposed to be now.
I thought that. you know. once
everything had calmed down a bit and...
After the election?
You mean after the election?
After I'd got you all that way.
you were gonna. what. cut me loose?
-I made you. David.
-It's not like that.
It is exactly like that. How dare you?
Oh. come on. Neither of us is happy.
Why be miserable?
Were we?
I was...
I was happy.
It's not the end of the world.
I actually feel much better
now that we've spoken about it.
Let's just get through tonight. shall we?
Eh. chin up.
Don't make a scene.
-[David] Sandra! Gosh. it's been so long.
-Oh. David!
[David] How are you?
Oh. Tom. How's Barbara?
[chatter continuing indistinctly]
-Good to see you. David.
-Uh. now? Yes. of course.
[quiet. pulsing music playing]
[exhales sharply]
What a shame to have to kill you.
[dramatic music playing]
[electronic dance music playing]
[singer] Oi. oi. Water Relief.
What you fucking saying?
Whoo!
Let's get hydrated!
This one goes out to our Uncle Billy.
We love you. Billy.
♪ Keep it down ♪
♪ Shut the windows and close the door ♪
♪ Turn it up
'cause you want to hear more ♪
♪ Shut the windows and close the door...
[man chuckling] Hey. Hey. how you doing?
-[guest] Billy!
-♪ Shut the windows and close the door...
Billy. we need to catch up.
♪ Shut the windows and close the door...
-[woman] Good to see you. Billy.
-I'm gonna catch up with you.
-All right. next week.
-[singer] Let's close the door
on dehydration. Whoo!
-[Billy] I'll see you.
-[singer] And remember. all proceeds
raised tonight will go to benefit
the Water Relief fund.
And don't go anywhere.
-'cause we will be back soon.
-Debbie.
Debbie.
-Debbie. Debbie!
-David.
-[chuckles] Ian.
-How do I look?
How are... [chuckles]
Fabulous as ever.
How's your lovely lady wife?
She is around.
Oh...
Mm-mm.
[jazzy music playing]
Oh. my goodness. Sorry.
Thank you. Thank you.
You know. I pride myself
on having a-a memory for faces. and...
as a patron of this charity.
I carefully studied the guest list
to make sure I know
every single one of these wankers.
[laughs softly]
Then I find myself in the presence
of this purse-dropping. jaw-dropping girl
who I do not recognize.
Which means you...
[whispers] ...are a gate-crasher.
Ooh.
-You got me.
-[both chuckle]
I'm a last-minute plus-one.
Actually. I'm on a date.
-A date?
-Um. although.
embarrassingly. I-I don't know
why he isn't here yet.
Well. in his absence...
[exciting music playing]
Cheers.
To Water Relief.
To absent friends.
Oh. shit. I'm so sorry.
-[chuckles]
-Oh. I'm terribly sorry. Sorry.
Shit. Sorry.
They're ready for you. sir.
If you'll excuse me.
[suspenseful music playing]
Can I get a...
Can I get a shot of tequila. please?
♪♪
[loungey music playing]
[wheezing moan]
[strains] Two more.
Please.
He wants a divorce.
Mm-hmm.
Keep 'em coming. baby.
I'm the one who does everything.
I run this whole operation.
I live here because of him.
Here. In the rain.
My children have British accents.
I made law review at Yale.
I could have been anything. could have
done anything. but he wants a divorce.
[laughs] He wants a divorce. [cries]
[Ian] Debbie.
[chuckles]
Good Lord. Steady on.
Piss off. Ian.
What?
Piss off.
Need I remind you that I'm a senior member
of your husband's party?
[laughs]
Not for long.
There's a three-line whip to remove you.
They're setting you up
to take the fall at the next election.
You're tanking the transport bill
on purpose
because you're an undeclared shareholder
in a rival company.
you registered your second home
as parliamentary premises
to avoid paying taxes.
and your wife is having an affair
with the guy that did your conservatory.
[♪ Robyn sings "Dancing on My Own"]
That one's on me.
[laughs]
Let's amp this party up!
♪ Somebody said you got a new friend...
Huh?
♪♪
♪ I'm in the corner ♪
♪ watching you kiss her ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I'm right over here ♪
-[indistinct arguing]
-♪ Why can't you see me? ♪
-Oh. I'm gonna have a fucking go.
-Woman. get back here.
Get off me.
What the fuck?
How'd you even know about the house?
Did you Freedom of Information us
or something?
You filed it under your maiden name
so it would look like
two separate claims
on your expenses allowance.
Wow. Where the hell is David?
He needs to take you home.
You want David to take me home?
[louder] You want David to take me home?
You think David knows how to do anything?
That man hasn't known
where his house keys are for 20 years.
I have kept this marriage afloat
every day.
I carried him every step of the way.
every step of the way.
and now he's looked back
and seen only one set of footprints
and decided he did
the whole thing on his own.
My dreams are unimportant.
What?
I love that book.
-What are you talking about?
-Ooh...
Look. I don't know what this is.
but don't expect me to feel sorry for you.
Why don't you start
prying into your own family?
Everybody knows how David makes his money.
[suspenseful music playing]
[beeps]
[door closes]
[eerie music playing]
♪♪
David.
[knocking on door]
[lock beeps]
[distant cars honking]
-[device chimes]
-[Sam] I'm here.
Code Red. Full extraction.
Extraction on the way.
Cleanup team on the move.
Get to the safe house
-for a debrief.
-[Henry] I've got three men down.
And David Claybourne.
Does anyone have eyes
on Debbie Claybourne?
Find her and bring her to me.
[Sam] Take the first service exit.
and I will meet you...
Hello?
[Debbie vocalizing]
[gasping]
Judith! What are you doing...
-Hi.
-You look incredible.
-Are you drunk?
-No way. I've never been more sober.
-No. no. no. no. Is that tequila?
-Mm.
-Oh. no. no. No. Come on.
-I'm a new woman.
I can do anything I want. Listen.
I got to tell you something about David.
[Judith] I've got to tell you
something about David.
Oh. it's been the worst day.
-The worst day.
-[man] I'll keep an eye...
But I stood in my truth.
I stood in my power.
-Did you? Good girl.
-I stood up for myself.
-You would've been so proud.
-About time. too.
[Debbie] I got to tell you what happened.
We're in the taxi.
and I'm reading David my notes
I made about the Water Relief gala.
because you know how I like my notes.
You know what he doesn't appreciate?
How hard I work on the notes...
-[goon] There's the wife!
-Shit.
How hard I work on that calendar.
-He doesn't appreciate what I do.
-Take your bag.
You'd be so proud of me. though.
I stood up for myself.
[tense music playing]
[yells]
And then she said. "Well. we all know
how David makes his money."
Like. what does that even mean?
You know.
we are really power walking today.
Getting our steps in.
I can't believe you're here!
[Debbie sighs]
All right. girls.
Get out.
-Get in the nice van.
-Oh!
-Thank God!
-This your address?
I'll bring the van back tomorrow.
Is that your family?
You call the police and I'll kill them.
Put your seat belt on.
-I am.
-[engine starts]
[tires screeching]
[exciting music playing]
-[tires screeching]
-[driver] Get in!
[tires screech]
[chuckles]
I still have my glass.
Sorry about the glass...
[screams] Oh. my God.
Why are they shooting at us?
Whose van is this?
Why do you have a gun?
-[shouts]
-Take the wheel.
-Take the wheel? Oh. my God...
-Take the fucking wheel!
[horn blaring]
-[horn honking]
-[screaming]
[Debbie screaming]
-[shouts]
-Get off. get off. get off.
Go left. Left!
-Left!
-I'm going left. I'm going left!
-[horns honking]
-Oh. my God.
-[panting]
-We're okay.
-[moaning]
-Talk to me!
[coughing]
I feel sick.
[tires screeching]
[panting]
What the hell?!
This isn't happening.
-[Judith] Okay.
-[Debbie] Oh. this isn't happening.
[Judith] This is a graveyard.
[whispers] What am I supposed to find?
Who were those people?
Why are they shooting at us?
I can't tell you... I don't know!
[Debbie] "Miss me? D.C. XX."
-What is this?
-I-I don't know. I think somebody
-wanted me to find it.
-"D.C." Debbie Claybourne.
Those are my initials. It's me.
-No.
-What are my initials
-doing on this thing?
-Debbie. would you... wait.
-Will you just calm down?
-Calm down? Calm down?!
You've got a gun.
the-the wing mirror's been shot off.
and I don't even know
how we got into this van.
-We stole it.
-[whispering] We stole it?
We stole it?
All right.
Where am I meant to go? It...
So. this is a grave? I don't...
Oh. God. there's thousands of graves!
Wait. wait. wait. Wait.
They're not initials.
"D.C. XX." Roman numerals.
They're Roman numerals.
-I see.
-Six hundred...
Six-twenty.
It's 620.
Wait. wait. Where are you going?
I'm so sorry.
I will try to explain everything to you.
but I've got to keep you safe.
Just stay in the van.
[Debbie] Judith...
Judith!
-[tense music playing]
-[insects chirping]
[TV sportscaster speaking indistinctly]
I need you to open a grave for me.
-What?
-[gun clicks]
I'm not gonna ask you again.
[heavy stone scraping]
[grunts]
♪♪
[lid thuds]
What does this mean?
It's the Black Mark.
Pirate code.
It means someone wants you dead.
I didn't know there was
a Book of Judith in the Bible.
It's not in the Bible.
It's in the apocrypha.
[night guard] Judith.
Was she a saint?
No.
S-She was an assassin.
[Debbie retching]
Did you just hear all of that?
The assassin part?
[Debbie] Are you an assassin?
Yep.
[Debbie] How...
How-how...?
[Judith] How long have I been an assassin?
Almost 29 years.
[retching]
[coughing]
[indistinct chatter]
Yeah. I've got the extraction team
here. sir. It is under control.
No sign of Billy Donovan.
Uh. well. I don't know where she is.
Because she threw away her tracker.
Oh. well. is that.
is that really necess...
No. No. no. I understand.
She knows the rules. so...
I will make sure that...
♪♪
[quietly] Find her.
[phone beeps]
[clerk] Welcome to McDonald's.
Hello.
Uh. could I have
two Big Mac meals. please.
um. one banana shake.
one strawberry shake. regular fries...
-Large.
-Uh. large fries.
[exhales]
So. every day I've known you.
for 20 years. you've been an assassin.
You kill people.
-Bad people.
-People.
And every day you lied to me.
Every day.
[somber music playing]
Is your name Judith?
-Yes!
-On your birth certificate?
No.
What's your name?
Oh.
Oh. Got it.
So...
are we friends? Or...
Or...
or was I. like. an alias?
Or a-a...
-a cover?
-No. No.
I just couldn't...
It wasn't...
-It's not. it's not like that...
-So. this is not...
This isn't real.
Yes. it's real.
-Yes. it's real. This is real.
-I want to go home.
No. I... I don't think we can do that.
I've been shot at. I've been chased.
I drove a vehicle
I'm not even insured on...
and my best friend is a...
stranger. [scoffs]
And my husband...
[sighs]
There's something that I think
you should know about David.
Ho. there's something
you need to know about David.
I've been trying to tell you
this whole time.
-He's dead.
-He left me.
-What?
[vehicle approaches]
[atmospheric music playing]
-We've got to get out of here.
-[engine starts]
♪♪
[TV sportscaster speaking indistinctly]
Oh. my God. more of you.
Who are you people?
Did she open the grave?
Yeah.
There wasn't a body.
there was a page from the Bible.
It's not the Bible. it's the apocrypha.
Why'd she leave you alive?
She said no one
would believe me if I told anybody.
[laughs softly]
She always had a weakness
when it came to civilians.
[gun clicks]
No. Please.
I'll tell you everything they said.
"They"?
Yeah. Two of them. They left together.
I can help you find them.
I know how to find them.
[Debbie] So every day I've known you.
for 20 years. you lied to me.
What's the correct response to discovering
your best friend is a murderer?
I'm not a murderer.
-I'm an assassin.
-[horn honks]
I kill really awful.
-terrible people.
-For money.
Well. if I did it for free.
I'd be a serial killer.
[Debbie] I'm looking
for my husband's money.
-[glass shatters]
-The 24 million pounds he stole.
I'm coming with you.
Are you insane?
You want to take a civilian
on assignment? Who is she?
She's the most important thing
in the world to me.
What is she. FBI? CIA?
She's my best friend.
[man] I've been trying to catch you up.
But you were going so fast.
[shouting]
So sorry. sir. but we thought
you were going to kill us.
-Is it because I'm big. yeah?
-No. no. no. no.
You are perfectly proportioned.
[exciting music playing]
Make a choice. Your friend
or this organization.
Someone is coming.
-Mrs. Claybourne.
-Ah!
You're not even gonna give me one fry?
Oh. we can feed him something.
It's not like he's our prisoner.
He is literally our prisoner.
♪♪
[Judith] How long is it
since you've had sex?
[Debbie] I am not talking about this.
I mean. when was the last time
you had sex?
Thursday.
[whispers] Thursday?
[Billy] The way you guys
look out for each other.
It's nice.
[Debbie] If it means protecting her.
there's nothing I wouldn't do.
[yelling]
-[engine revving]
-[screaming]
I just jumped from a moving train
and I'm alive!
Alive!
[both laughing]
[gasping]
Ooh. Oh...
♪♪
[atmospheric music playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today